Any updates that are completed put into this file.
Make sure you format them as you would want to see them publicly.

Object 3769 for cool fire

~UPDATES~
When logging in you will no longer get the achievement for defeating nomad.
Black demons no longer drop venenatis spiderlings.
The weird head on the female top in make over mage has been fixed.
You should no longer get slayer assignments that you can't attack.
Level 99 global announcements for realisms have been added.
Removed the account pin requirement when joining until we come up with a better system. 
You now get the proper amount of experience form the bakers thieving stall.
You can now eat chocolate cake, and bread.
The random skilling teleport on the ancient spellbook is fixed.
The drop rate bonus that you get from being a donator is now fixed.
The drop generator now correctly shows nex pieces (npc id = 13447)
When opening a oyster it now correctly gives you oyster pearl(s).
Using a chisel on a oyster pearl:
	Oyster pearl - Get 25,000 - 50,000 coins.
	Oyster pearls - Get 50,000 - 100,000 coins.
The well of wealth now correctly gives a .03 (3%) drop boost.
When new players join the game they will automatically be put into the 'chaos' clan chat.
The format on the well of execution announcement now has the percentage symbol correctly formatted.
The wilderness in the old ghost town has been removed.
The resource drops from jungle strykewyrm has been lowered.
All dragons now drop dragon warhammer.
A ::droplist command has been added to view the official drop list.
The get a slayer task achievement should be fixed.
The experience on fire blast has been fixed.
The random obelisks inside of the wilderness have been removed.
The weird mining barrels at like 5 wilderness have been fixed to now be iron ore.
It now costs 10,000 tokul to upgrade your fire cape instead of 50,000.
Dark beasts dark bows drop will now appear in the drop generator (npc id = 2783)
The cave near mage bank towards ice plateau now has npcs:
	Fire giants added
	2 Frost dragons added
	2 Tormented demons added
A banker has been added to staff zone.
The movehome command now teleports players to edgeville instead of varrock.
The agility guy at tree gnome village now takes the correct currency [marks of grace].
The furnaces in Falador, Lumbridge, and Edgeville now work to create amulet of furys and other items that you use on it.
You can now buy berserker helms from horvik.
Infernal axe and infernal pickaxe is now tradeable.
You now get saradomin killcount, and zamorak killcount for killing spiritual mages.
Chaotic weapons, arcane stream necklace, and ring of vigour is now tradeable until dungeoneering is added.
Ironman accounts can now use the summoning shops.
The cerberus combat system has been changed to something different.
Clue scrolls have been removed from all monsters drop tables essentially making the chances of rare items easier.
Dwarf hand cannoners are now added to the new mining cave.
	They drop hand cannons, and ava's accumulators (good for ironman).
The old skilling zones have been replaced with new.
There are 2 skilling zones:
	Skilling zone (low)
		Any experience gained here is 1.1x of regular experience.
		A bunch of the skilling npcs have been redone.
		Big fire pits to add logs to, that never burns out.
		Bunch of trees around this area.
		A mining cave that has a bunch of mining ore, and miner magnus.
		A dungeon ladder to go to the summoning guy.
		A anvil for smithing.
		A furnace for smithing bars.
		Fishing spots for fishing.
		A cooking range for cooking.
		A few other things not important to be listed
	Skilling zone (high)
		This will be shilo village (not added yet)
Abyssal demons now drop whip vine which can be used on a regular whip to get an abyssal vine whip.
Shooting stars have been updated:
	Talk to miner magnus to get the current location and time until the next crash.
		I couldn't test this without waiting like 30 minutes so if it doesn't work don't rage at me!
	You now get 25% more experience for mining shooting stars in the wilderness.
	The experience gain has been swapped around so that:
		Higher level requirement = get more experience
		Lower level requirement = get less experience
		
Other information:
Someone requested for the PM notification thing to be removed for players on macs, I decided not to remove it because there is a toggle setting to turn it off inside of the settings.



~TODO~
Vote
Hiscores
Donations
Charming imp
Add herblore shop
Add hunter npcs
Test mazchna slayer master (dialogue)
Fix bug where you can't follow people through gates

Tanner:

Adam:
