To-Do:
Add summoning familar options & summoning scrolls.
Make all barrow's pieces degrade when you die with them, and "weird old man" will repair it for 30m a set
Finish fixing youtuber rank in-game.
Add something for players to spend loyalty points.
Add new dungeon for dungeoneering same as soulsplit 2 - eledungeon = 2715 9889
Add a uber zone via custom map editor.
Add super combat flasks and add them to Uber zone.
Add anti-venom flasks and add them to uber zone shop.
Add corrupt pvp armour to something and make them all degrade correctly.
Add the wilderness version of clan wars.
Fix bank tabs with resizable mode
Make godwars killcount load up on update for the interface when logging in
Make it so people can reset their constitution to 1 (not 10) for 250M coins.
Add server supports and moderators to moderating team on forum.
Add ::announce to intertwine with ::update
Change the instancing on duel arena so there is a option in the interface itself
Redo the punishment system
Fix the bugged tile next to the bank chest at ::gamble
Fix the interface closing bug in POS
Add battlemage, trickster, vanguard
Seperate dungeoneering items into random items of no value to prevent smuggling (with dark shadow)

Game Updates:
When you open a lot of spirit shard packs, your current spirit shards will no longer bug out.
The message you get when stealing silver bars via thieving now gives the correct amount of coins.
The bug where your venenatis slayer task would not go down has been fixed.
The super rare rewards on Treasure Island have been changed from a 1/150 chance to a 1/100 chance.
The chance of getting a Dragonbone upgrade kit from Treasure Island has been changed to 1/3 chance when getting a super rare reward.
When a player logs in and has over the maximum achievement points possible their points will be set to the maximum.
The value on noted rocktails have been changed to the value on regular rocktails fixing the alching value and store value.
You can no longer teleport to places when you have not entered your account pin (hack exploit)
Dragon pickaxe now has the correct attack styles. 
Anti-fire potions 4/3 have been fixed.
Rusty casket now has a open option.
Rusty casket has been renamed to 'Casket of horror'.
TopG voting should now be fully functioning and fixed.
The bug where you couldn't attack a player if they were standing in a certain spot in the wilderness has been fixed.
Chaotic longsword is no longer sellable.
You can no longer use gems on eachother to make bolt tips.
The fishing skillcape emote should now work correctly instead of making you invisible.
The bug where you couldn't talk to King healthorg in the quest The King's Task is now fixed.
There has been 2 more kingly implings added to puro puro.
A random place north of the ghost town that was wilderness has been made non-wilderness to a certain area.
The options on the summoning orb have been added for take BoB, renew familiar, etc.
Any items that had incorrect capitilization in the second & third words of items have been fixed.
Magic potions now give the correct magic bonus (104 at 99 magic)
Steel titans have been nerfed, the max hit is now 200 instead of 400 and the attack bonus is now 90 instead of 99.

Polls:
Should ghost town be removed from the game and replaced with revenants spread throughout the wilderness?
Should a middle man rank be added to the game, this would be set up similar to applying for Server Support but be purely based on how trusted you are.
Should a option be added to your friends list to teleport a friend to you? You would only be able to use this option if they have you added back and both of you are not in the wilderness.
Should donator ranks have experience boosts depending on what rank it is? (This would stack with double experience weekends)
Should aqua items be renamed to 'water' and made a little bit more blue?
Should we allow donators to change their in-game name via the person at ::dzone? This would be for free and only be able to be done once every 25 days.