To-Do:

Game Updates:
--- New Day (10/07/2016) ---
Fixed forfeiting bug (could forfeit and your character could skip the count down)
Fixed the bug with hitting players extremely fast within the Duel Arena/Player vs Player activities.
Fixed planting flowers in the Duel Arena.
Converted loggining in to Kotlin.
Converted the Thieving skill to Kotlin.
Converted Chaos Tunnels to Kotlin.
Sir Kay will now offer to Delete all your friends again, previously if you had started a recently removed quest, he would constantly ask for you to get the quest item still.
Multiple mob support added to Slayer I.E "Red Abyssal Demon" now counts towards "Abyssal Demon" Slayer tasks.
Begun work on the Kotlin Game Engine.
Started work on the Wildy Wyrm.
Game Modes now function (somewhat properly)
Corrected an issue with Slayer
Edited addExperience methods to addExactExperience for items like effigies, dragonkin lamps and buyable slayer experience, also making some jewellery and Dragonbone crossbow
Fishing, Woodcutting & Firemaking now use RuneScape experience rates.

--- New Day (11/07/2016) ---

Smithing experience now refer to RuneScape experience rates.
Item Forging now gives exact exp (same experience regardless game mode)
Making a Godsword Blade now requires 80 Smithing.
Removed stupid boss point message, boss points now act as a boss kill tracker
player panel now displays your Game Mode
command "bosses" has been added to display boss kills.
Added alot of Mobs to the Wilderness Dungeon
Re-wrote commands
Removed Ghost Town.
Frost Dragons in the Wilderness now drop noted Dragonbones.

--- New Day (12/07/2016) ---

Cooking & mining experience are now the same as RuneScapes.
When doing Barrows your Chest count & Item Reward count, is now tracked.
Barrows Minigames reward system has been re-written.
Removed unused construction save files.
Dragon Kiteshield is now 1/132 Chests
Added walk, stand and run animations for Crate with Zanik
Fixed Sagittarian chaps.
Charming Imp now collects Talon beast, Obsidian & Abyssal Charms.
Talonbeast, Obsidian & Abyssal Charms are now stackable.
Summoning now uses RuneScape experience.
Crafting blood runes now require 77 Runecrafting, crafting Armadyl Runes now requires 72 RuneCrafting.
At 72 RuneCrafting, you will make 7 Armadyl Runes.
At 77 RuneCrafting, you will make 8 Armadyl Runes.
At 88 RuneCrafting, you will make 9 Armadyl Runes.
At 99 RuneCrafting, you will make 10 Armadyl Runes.
Deso RuneSpan EXP has been updated to fit the latest experience rates.
Prayer now uses RuneScape experience rates, Ashes have been added.

Impious ashes droppers (100%):
Imp's
Icefield's
Pyrefiend's

Accursed ashes droppers (100%):
Lesser Demon's
Greater Demon's

Infernal ashes droppers (100%):
K'ril Tsutsaroth
Zakl'n Gritch
Tstanon Karlak
Balfrug Kreeyath
Tormented Demon's
Black Demon's
Abyssal Demon's
Nechryaels'

The bug where your Money Pouch wouldn't update after paying Miner Magnus 1,000,000 for the Shooting Star's location has now now been corrected.
Remove Star Dust Exchange shop, you can still exchange your stardust at Miner Magnus for:
				Mining experience at the rate of 70 EXP P/Stardust
				1,000 Coins P/Stardust
				1 Mithril Ore per every 3 stardust
				1 Adamantite Ore per every 4 stardust
				1 Runite Ore per every 5 stardust
                When exchanging more than 200 Stardust you have a chance (1/256) of recieving a Gilded Dragon Pickaxe or a golden mining piece.

Glacors have a uncommon drop of 1, 3 or 5 Shards of Armadyl (untradeable)
You can grind 1 Shard of Armadyl with a pestle & mortar for 8 Dust of Armadyl which is used for runecrafting (tradeable, requires 72 RuneCrafting).
You can combine 100 Shards of Armadyl to create an orb of Armadyl (requires 80 Crafting, tradeable).
You can use an Orb of Armadyl on an Battlestaff to create an Armadyl Battlestaff (requires 85 Crafting, tradeable).
Shards of Armadyl & Dust of Armadyl are now stackable.
Armadyl Battlestaff is now wieldable (no stats yet).
Armadyl runes now use the correct id (21773)

--- New Day (13/07/2016) ---

The Completionist cape now gives 12 strength bonus instead of 14.
The Max cape now gives +8 in all Attack Bonuses and +17 in all defence bonuses, aswell as +10 strength
Divine now protects over Korasi.
You can now cooking Sardine's and Herring's

--- New Day (14/07/2016) ---
Updated the text on the Recipe for Disaster quest interface.
Removed the Sailor's
Moved Town Criers to old sailor spots
Town Criers will continue to handle account security, and now has the change-home second click option.

--- New Day (16/07/2016) (17/07/2016) (18/07/2016) ---

Re-wrote thieving completely, Ham Member's (Male & Female), Farmers (Regular and Master) give seeds.



The skills currently go by RuneScape experience are:

Combat Skills
Slayer
Magic
Woodcutting
Firemaking
Mining
Smithing
Fishing
Cooking
Summoning
RuneCrafting
Prayer


Polls:

What experience rate should Iron Men be set to when Game Modes come out?